1354898166
AddNotesToHours	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121110162932_add_notes_to_hours.rb	class AddNotesToHours 
AddPriorityToTasks	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121113223447_add_priority_to_tasks.rb	class AddPriorityToTasks 
AddPublicToTask	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121110171015_add_public_to_task.rb	class AddPublicToTask 
AddStartTimeToHours	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121102180642_add_start_time_to_hours.rb	class AddStartTimeToHours 
AddUserIdToTasks	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121104013527_add_user_id_to_tasks.rb	class AddUserIdToTasks 
Application	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateHours	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121102065916_create_hours.rb	class CreateHours 
CreateTasks	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121102065642_create_tasks.rb	class CreateTasks 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121103165058_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
Expertise	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/config/application.rb	module Expertise
Hour	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/models/hour.rb	class Hour 
HourTest	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/unit/hour_test.rb	class HourTest 
HoursController	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/hours_controller.rb	class HoursController 
HoursControllerTest	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/functional/hours_controller_test.rb	class HoursControllerTest 
HoursHelper	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/helpers/hours_helper.rb	module HoursHelper
HoursHelperTest	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/unit/helpers/hours_helper_test.rb	class HoursHelperTest 
OmniauthCallbacksController	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/users/omniauth_callbacks_controller.rb	class Users::OmniauthCallbacksController 
RegistrationsController	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	class RegistrationsController 
Task	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/models/task.rb	class Task 
TaskTest	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/unit/task_test.rb	class TaskTest 
TasksController	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	class TasksController 
TasksControllerTest	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/functional/tasks_controller_test.rb	class TasksControllerTest 
TasksHelper	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/helpers/tasks_helper.rb	module TasksHelper
TasksHelperTest	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/unit/helpers/tasks_helper_test.rb	class TasksHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
ammt_hours_in_range	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/models/task.rb	  def ammt_hours_in_range(range, period, offset = 0)
by_day	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/models/task.rb	  def by_day
by_period	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/models/task.rb	  def by_period(period, range=30)
change	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121104013527_add_user_id_to_tasks.rb	  def change
change	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121102065916_create_hours.rb	  def change
change	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121110162932_add_notes_to_hours.rb	  def change
change	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121113223447_add_priority_to_tasks.rb	  def change
change	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121103165058_devise_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121102065642_create_tasks.rb	  def change
change	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121102180642_add_start_time_to_hours.rb	  def change
change	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/db/migrate/20121110171015_add_public_to_task.rb	  def change
create	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/hours_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/hours_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def edit
facebook	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/users/omniauth_callbacks_controller.rb	  def facebook
find_for_facebook_oauth	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/models/user.rb	  def self.find_for_facebook_oauth(auth, signed_in_resource=nil)
hours_in_range	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/models/task.rb	  def hours_in_range(range, period, offset = 0)
index	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def index
mobile_device?	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def mobile_device?
new	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def new
set_timezone	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def set_timezone
show	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
total_hours	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/models/task.rb	  def total_hours
update	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/todonnell/Projects/Expertise/rails/deployed/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def update
